c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\PaidThx Web.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\obj\Dev\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\james\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\PaidThx Web\PaidThx Web\obj\Dev\PaidThx Web.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\PaidThx Web.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.dll
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Mvc.xml
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.WebPages.xml
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\bin\System.Web.Helpers.xml
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\obj\Dev\ResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\CREATIVE\PaidThx\website\main\code\PaidThx-Web\PaidThx Web\obj\Dev\PaidThx Web.dll
